docs: add info about unsupported CAs and node (#2415)
hedgedoc/hedgedoc: docs/content/configuration.md

|             | `CMD_OAUTH2_ROLES_CLAIM`                    | **no default**, `roles`                                                                                                                                                                                             | ID token claim, which is supposed to provide an array of strings of roles                                                                                                                                                                                                              |
|             | `CMD_OAUTH2_ACCESS_ROLE`                    | **no default**, `role/hedgedoc`                                                                                                                                                                                     | The role which should be included in the ID token roles claim to grant access                                                                                                                                                                                                          |

> !!! info
>     If you are using a [CA not trusted by node](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/4175) (like letsencrypt e.g) for your oauth2 provider you can set the [`NODE_EXTRA_CA_CERTS`](https://nodejs.org/api/cli.html#cli_node_extra_ca_certs_file) environment variable to the CA certificate file path of your CA.  
>     Remember to also make the file available inside the Docker container, if you're running HedgeDoc in Docker container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! info
    If you are using a [CA not trusted by Node.js](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/4175) (like Let's Encrypt) for your OAuth2 provider you can set the [`NODE_EXTRA_CA_CERTS`](https://nodejs.org/api/cli.html#cli_node_extra_ca_certs_file) environment variable to the CA certificate file path of your CA.  
    Remember to also make the file available inside the Docker container, if you're running HedgeDoc in Docker container.
```
